Glossary and terms (#1264)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/terms/cte.md

Let’s break down this example involving a `rename_columns` CTE below:

```sql
with rename_columns as (

    select

        id as customer_id,
        lower(first_name) as customer_first_name,
        lower(last_name) as customer_last_initial

    from {{ ref('raw_customers') }}
  
)

select * from rename_columns
```

In this query above, you first create a CTE called `rename_columns` where you conduct a 
simple `SELECT` statement that renames and lower cases some columns from a `raw_customers` <Term id="table" />/model. The final `select * from rename_columns` selects all results from the `rename_columns` CTE.

While you shouldn't always think of CTEs as having classical arguments like SQL functions, you’ve got to call the necessary inputs for CTEs something. 

- CTE_EXPRESSION_NAME: This is the name of the CTE you can reference in other CTEs or SELECT statements. In our example, `rename_columns` is the CTE_EXPRESSION_NAME. **If you are using multiple CTEs in one query, it’s important to note that each CTE_EXPRESSION_NAME must be unique.**

> - CTE_QUERY: This is the `SELECT` statement whose result set is produced by the CTE. In our example above, the `select … from {{ ref(‘raw_customers’) }}` is the CTE_QUERY. The CTE_QUERY is framed by parenthesis.

Reviewer: The ref('raw_customers') is coming through as quotes and not ticks

Reviewer 2: I think it does that when you copy from GDocs because it breaks the syntax. @JKarlavige , do you know how to fix this?

If you write it as `select … from {{ ref(`raw_customers`) }}` the `raw_customers` bit ends up converting back to plain text.

> - CTE_QUERY: This is the `SELECT` statement whose result set is produced by the CTE. In our example above, the `select … from {{ ref(`raw_customers`) }}` is the CTE_QUERY. The CTE_QUERY is framed by parenthesis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CTE_QUERY: This is the `SELECT` statement whose result set is produced by the CTE. In our example above, the `select … from {{ ref('raw_customers') }}` is the CTE_QUERY. The CTE_QUERY is framed by parenthesis.
```

### Substitution for a view

Oftentimes you want to reference data in a query that could, or may have existed at one point, as a view. Instead of worrying about the view actually existing, you can leverage CTEs to create the temporary result you would want from the view.

### Support reusability

Using CTEs, you can reference the same resulting set multiple times in one query without having to duplicate your work by referencing the CTE_EXPRESSION_NAME in your from statement.

## CTE example

Time to dive into an example using CTEs! For this example, you'll be using the data from our [jaffle_shop demo dbt](https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle_shop) project. In the `jaffle_shop`, you have three tables: one for customers, orders, and payments.

In this query, you're creating three CTEs to ultimately allow you to segment buyers by how many times they’ve purchased.

```sql
with import_orders as (
	

> 	select * from {{ ref(‘orders’) }}

Reviewer: you're going to hate me, but these also need to be single quotes

),
aggregate_orders as (

	select

		customer_id,
		count(order_id) as count_orders

	from import_orders

> 	where status not in (‘returned’, ‘return pending’)

Reviewer: you're going to hate me, but these also need to be single quotes

	group by 1

),
segment_users as (
	
	select

> 

Reviewer: Idk why the spacing here for the code is indented all funky (markdown be markdown). The `case` should be in line with *, `when`s indented, and `regular buyer` ideally in-line with it's corresponding `when`.

Reviewer 2: Not sure why that happened. Think I fixed this in the latest commit. Lmk how it looks.
